# Readings: Putting it all together
This reading is about the concept of building out your webisite with components before actually coding and then adding everything together to build it along with interactivity.
## React Docs - Thinking in React
> 1. The single responsibility principle is about splitting up a design in the way you would with functions or an object. That is, in terms of components, to split each component up to be responsible for one thing.
> 2. Building a static version of a website means that the compents or other visual pieces of a website go into place without an interactivity.
> 3. Once you have a static website you need to add state to start making it interactive.
> 4. - Does it remain unchanged over time? If so, it isn’t state.
>    - Is it passed in from a parent via props? If so, it isn’t state.
>    - Can you compute it based on existing state or props in your component? If so, it definitely isn’t state!
> 5. For each piece of state in your application:
      1. Identify every component that renders something based on that state.
      2. Find their closest common parent component—a component above them all in the hierarchy.
      3. Decide where the state should live:
        1. Often, you can put the state directly into their common parent.
        2. You can also put the state into some component above their common parent.
        3. If you can’t find a component where it makes sense to own the state, create a new component solely for holding the state and add it somewhere in the hierarchy above the common parent component.

## Higher-Order Functions
> 1. Higher-order-functions - Functions that operate on other functions, either by taking them as arguments or by returning them.
> 2. Line 2 is returning a function with a parameter of 'm' and performs a comparison between that parameter and parameter of the parent function evaluating to either true or false.
> 3. "The map method transforms an array by applying a function to all of its elements and building a new array from the returned values."

## Things I want to know more about

## Resources
      - https://react.dev/learn/thinking-in-react
      - https://eloquentjavascript.net/05_higher_order.html#h_xxCc98lOBK
      - ChatGPT
