# Readings: MongoDB and Mongoose
This reading is about databases in regards to SQL and noSQL.
## nosql vs sql
>  1. |                               SQL                                       |                                       noSQL                                                |
>     | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
>     | SQL databases are primarily called as Relational Databases              | NoSQL database are primarily called as non-relational or distributed database              |
>     | SQL databases have predefined schema                                    | NoSQL databases have dynamic schema for unstructured data                                  |
>     | SQL databases emphasizes on ACID properties                             | NoSQL database follows the Brewers CAP theorem                                             |
>     | Excellent support are available for all SQL database from their vendors | NoSQL database you still have to rely on community support                                 |
>     | SQL databases are table based databases                                 | NoSQL databases are document based, key-value pairs, graph databases or wide-column stores |
>  2. A good data type for SQL is table based.
>  3. A real world example could be anything with integers. 
>  4. A good data type for noSQL is document based.
>  5. A real world example could be user data or profiles with user history.
>  6. noSQL is best for hierarchical data storage
>  7. Both can scale, but SQL would probably be easier with verticle scalability.
>
## VIDEO
>  1. Structured Query Language
>  2. A database that stores and provides access to data points that are related to one another.
>  3. Tables
>  4. A collection of database objects.
>  5. Non-tabular databases and store data differently than relational tables.
>  6. They handle data that doesn't fit well into the traditional relational database model. They store and manage large volumes of data.
>  7. Collections, documents, fields, indexes.
>  8. "MongoDB is often considered more flexible in handling diverse and evolving data due to its document-oriented, schema-less model."
>  9. Lack of ACID Transactions, Limited Query Capabilities, Limited Tooling.

## Things I want to know more about
## Resources
https://www.mongodb.com/nosql-explained, ChatGPT
