# Readings: Authentication
This reading is about different ways of authenticating users or other machines.
## What is OAuth
>  1. "OAuth is an open-standard authorization protocol or framework that describes how unrelated servers and services can safely allow authenticated access to their assets without actually sharing the initial, related, single logon credential."
>  2. "When you go to log onto a website and it offers one or more opportunities to log on using another website’s/service’s logon."
>  3. The first website connects to the second, The second site generates a one-time token and a one-time secret, The first site gives this token and secret to the initiating user’s client software, The client’s software presents the request token and secret to their authorization provider, the client is asked to approve the authorization transaction to the second website, the user approves a particular transaction type at the first website, The user is given an approved access token, The user gives the approved access token to the first website, The first website gives the access token to the second website as proof of authentication, The second website lets the first website access their site, The user sees a successfully completed transaction occurring.
>  4. Open AI is for humans logging into machines. It's for authentication.

## Authorization and Authentication flows
> 1. "Authentication is the process of verifying who a user is, while authorization is the process of verifying what they have access to."
> 2. The act of exchangeing an Authorization Code for a token.
> 3. "The PKCE-enhanced Authorization Code Flow introduces a secret created by the calling application that can be verified by the authorization server."
> 4. An alternative to the Authorization Code Flow, requires your web app to obtain and manage a secret.
> 5. "Involves an application exchanging its application credentials, such as client ID and client secret, for an access token."
> 6. This requires a user to head to a link to authorize the device.
> 7. Requests that users provide credentials, typically using an interactive form, credentials are sent to the back end. 

## Things I want to know more about
## Resources
[Link](https://www.csoonline.com/article/562635/what-is-oauth-how-the-open-authorization-framework-works.html)
[Link2](https://auth0.com/docs/get-started/identity-fundamentals/authentication-and-authorization)
[Link3](https://auth0.com/docs/get-started/authentication-and-authorization-flow/client-credentials-flow)
